bpo-44220: Export PyStructSequence_UnnamedField in C API (#26331)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2021-05-24-22-12-40.bpo-44220.H9CUGl.rst

> :c:var:`PyStructSequence_UnnamedField` is now present in ``python3.lib`` and
> ``python3.dll``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:c:var:`PyStructSequence_UnnamedField` is added to the Stable ABI.
```
